Add Reolink automation ideas (#35941)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

This will also decouple the chime from the doorbell in the Reolink app/client. Therefore, the chime will no longer ring when the doorbell is pressed.

## Examples

### Showing the camera in the dashboard

One way to show the camera in the dashboard is by using the picture glance card.
For example, you can place arrow buttons on the card to [control the camera](/dashboards/picture-glance/#creating-a-card-to-control-the-camera).

### Sending rich notifications

You can receive rich notifications on your phone when someone rings a Reolink doorbell or a Reolink camera detects an event like motion or a person.

### Automation ideas

> - Turn on (outdoor) lights near the camera to improve image clarity at night once the camera detects a person/vehicle/animal.
> - Turn off notifications and recording when you get home (based on e.g. geofencing) and turn it back on when you leave home.
> - Play ringtones on speakers (echo dot/Google Home/smart hubs) throughout the house when someone presses the doorbell.
> - Pause a TV and show a notification badge on the TV when the doorbell is pressed (only when the TV is already on).
> - Play the quick replay messages of a Reolink doorbell only when not home (geofencing)
> - Wake up and start recording on other battery cameras nearby if one camera/motion sensor detects an event.
> - Turn on spotlights/sirens of other cameras nearby when one camera detects a person/vehicle/animal.
> - If a camera detects a person/vehicle/animal, then point other PTZ cameras in that direction using PTZ presets.
> - Switch day night mode (Color/IR Black&White) based on sunset/sunrise times or the status of (outdoor) lights instead of relying on the internal light sensor.
> - Change the camera volume based on the time and/or when you are Home or not (geofencing)
> - Increase framerate and maximum bitrate of a camera when a person/vehicle/animal is detected and lower it again after 1 minute of no detection. This safes storage space so you can record longer when recording 24/7 without compromising image clarity during events.
> - Turn on indoor lights close to windows in a sequence with some time delays if a camera detects a person to make it look like someone is home.
> - Show a camera stream full screen on a wallpanel/tablet/Google Home display when someone rings the doorbell.
> - Switch HDR mode of the camera based on sunset/sunrise
> - Make an input boolean helper to easily disable notifications on all cameras and automatically enable notifications again after 1 hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Turn on (outdoor) lights near the camera to improve image clarity at night once the camera detects a person, vehicle, or animal.
- Turn off notifications and recording when you get home (based on, e.g., geofencing) and turn it back on when you leave home.
When someone presses the doorbell, Play ringtones on speakers (Echo Dot/Google Home/smart hubs) throughout the house.
- Pause a TV and show a notification badge on the TV when the doorbell is pressed (only when the TV is already on).
- Play the quick replay messages of a Reolink doorbell only when not home (geofencing)
- Wake up and start recording on other battery cameras nearby if one camera/motion sensor detects an event.
- Turn on the spotlights or sirens of other cameras nearby when one camera detects a person, vehicle, or animal.
- If a camera detects a person/vehicle/animal, then point other PTZ cameras in that direction using PTZ presets.
- Switch day night mode (Color/IR Black&White) based on sunset/sunrise times or the status of (outdoor) lights instead of relying on the internal light sensor.
- Change the camera volume based on the time and/or when you are home or not (geofencing)
- Increase the framerate and maximum bitrate of a camera when a person/vehicle/animal is detected and lower them again after 1 minute of no detection. This saves storage space, so you can record longer when recording 24/7 without compromising image clarity during events.
- Turn on indoor lights close to windows in a sequence with some time delays if a camera detects a person to make it look like someone is home.
- Show a camera stream on a full screen on a wall panel, tablet, or Google Home display when someone rings the doorbell.
- Switch HDR mode of the camera based on sunset/sunrise
- Make an input boolean helper to easily disable notifications on all cameras and automatically enable notifications again after 1 hour.
```
